[Music]
Well the thing here is that now today's thing
is to doubt that Fran has the
disease, okay, today they have suddenly
started to doubt that this one
has it, by the way, I also have
several clips, they sent it to me this
afternoon of him denying the disease. I
became cha Valeria simply because of these
absurd reasonings of these other
people and of course your accent has no art, it is
or is it the support Grandpa a handsome kiss
e Hey, with this nonsense we're 12
out of 50, Fran's hair is falling out because of the
heat in Thailand. Yes, I can imagine now, but it's
tremendous, it's tremendous, man, it's tremendous,
Frank's extreme suffering is back, it's difficult.
What do you think of
Frank's supposed cancer, man, there are photos of Frank
at 30 years old without hair already with the
treatment, eh? There are photos of Fran on the
internet from when he wasn't famous, with the
treatment, man, from when he wasn't
famous, not from 15 years before being
famous, do you want to browse the
internet safely and also access all the
content of your favorite platforms
like Netflix, HBO Max, or Disney Plus,
cyberg VPN And it's that  I don't know if you know
but there is content that is not available in your country
and with this little trick
you can access all the content wherever you are I do
n't know if you know what a
VPN is but it is an extension that you put on
your internet with which it masks the IP and
apart from browsing completely safe and
anonymous without anyone being able to know who you
are and where you are It helps you access
some content that is
blocked in your country there are movies and
series on your favorite platforms that are
not available there are
television programs for example on mediaset
content that if you try to watch them outside
of Spain they have a geoblock that does not
allow you Well with Cyber ​​goost VPN that is
over Apart from being protected by
browsing anonymously you will be able to
access content from all over the
planet you will also have Total privacy
since it keeps your connection private and
protects your data ultra-fast speed
to eliminate the lake in any
online game with which you can enjoy
live broadcasts without interruptions and as I have already
told you Freedom to access all the
content on the planet wherever and whenever
you want also take advantage of TD 83
discount using the link that I
leave you in the description of this video and be careful
because  you can try cyberg VPN for 45
days without obligation and if you are not convinced
you can ask for a refund and they will give you back the
pass so don't wait any longer to
protect your connection and improve your
internet experience corrale click on the
link in the description and take advantage of
this super cyberg VPN offer to
browse completely free and secure the
story of Chris Chan is much
longer than that of Spartacus and the
donber gets together I recommend it to the
people in the chat Well I don't know but to
deal with it we no no no no no catch no
How did my dove continue she just
answered me on WhatsApp right now she
told me that it's not so good man he's been
getting a fever and all that but oh well jinxes of the
trade she told me wait I'm going to
tell him if he wants to tell us something okay he's
here we're live and
people are asking about you do you want to
send an audio to people or what And
tell him How are you fallela how are you Damn
a lot of people are talking to me
on WhatsApp What's up that guy
Nacho when the chicken thing happened he
made a super disgusting video that he deleted
and then he got into a fight with her and he did  a
disgusting video to her but I understand
that people don't don't don't converge In my
opinion because sometimes maybe I give
a bad explanation I express myself badly or
I'm very radical or whatever but what do you
want me to say I can't stop giving my
opinion that free well if you are a
communicator your job as a communicator is to
communicate well not to communicate badly you know I mean
you are a content creator or whatever you
want to call yourself within your
functions the most important thing is to communicate
and you communicate badly as a communicator Well let's
see I still have contacts at
Foster where I used to work
if you want If you want I can ask He already
works in something else no I mean I don't think you
barely get paid from YouTube Noa I don't think he makes a
living from YouTube he couldn't have had
a time because in one in one of the
videos of the lawsuit they are also posted
because he boasts about what he earns in the
lawsuit at the time of the videos of
the lawsuit he boasts about what he earns
because there was one time when I told him dude
this guy is interested in everything he's
doing And where is he getting into you know
MM and he has a video where he insults me
for a change and says yeah  if you knew what I earn I do
n't know what I don't know how much And then
a person told me he told me what he
earned isn't much but well it was to
live but of course now I don't know what these
are Now you know 100 euros I don't know the truth
But well there it is if it's worth it
this is tremendous okay of course then they
are messing with Fran it costs okay
because of this issue over here look at
Fran's extreme suffering again cap
backwards this is ler no cap backwards
sleeveless shirt and vitim same it
seems to me that I have seen this related to
Dallas I mean how expensive does
Fran's video have to do with Dallas no and asking for
money Don't forget they always ask for
money they are leeches plural Fran
is not asking for money in this okay Ah
Wait there was another one I mean How to mix I do
n't think it's a good idea for you to make a
Chris Chan video since the story
is very burned But it would be good if
the reactions together with the community of
X reactions we could do no and we are going to
do the I'll
tell you thing about Spartacus and all
that no well let's see we have them
pending eh damn there was a tweet I don't  I
agree with which one of them, man, the Valentine's tweet
Happy Valentine's Day
How terrible to mess with
Frank like that There was a tweet this morning
[Music]
Getting involved Something viral is happening in the
world Okay And it's Javid's fault, I
mean, they bring up Javi Dallas They
bring up Javi Dallas but come on eh Because
yes, but I don't remember which account it was It was
an account of this one too It was an
account that said like, Eh, well,
Fran Now has a lawsuit and that I had
earned money last year When When When the
sanctuary thing I don't know
something like that It said that it's whatever It's like
the typical one of They're not going to relate
Dallas and Javi with Francua's thing With
Francua's loved ones Hold me The
cubata Okay And here Gibel was surprised
Look, to me The pelucas
didn't seem bad to me in the debate, kid But you don't
need him to seem nice to you for 10
minutes talking Gibel I mean, no no no
For a person to seem nice to you
Talking for 10 minutes What sense, man,
is a person, they're all of them, okay, they're
all people  who dedicate themselves every
day to stalking they get up in the
morning they check your social Blade to see
if you've deleted a video insults
accusations of crime they look for your
family they look for everything or rather the javil
peluca posted a TT the other day also about
Dallas's mother I don't know if he looked in I do
n't know what company that Dallas's mother had
whatever it is everything remember when
they put there they started to dox an
anonymous woman who they thought was Ana
Ana this lady from space it
's 24 hours like I didn't think
the guy was bad but putting doubt on a sick person makes
me feel so horrible and you can see
kilometers away the damage that Franco does to her in
the treatment is one of the most
nefarious things I've seen it's that gibel m But if you
already knew dude if he was a follower of mine yes
on many occasions gibel has commented
a lot of things of a thousand lor dude what did you
put when you got angry with me to
give voice to legum pasasa dude to deny
things that you were in at the time and you
lived them and you know how they were and for the
burning from the itching with me at one point
you started to react to a video of
gpa I didn't see the reaction I saw that he
told me place you know but it's like and I and a
pass it's the same it's a thing ador of the
group of harassers I mean there's no more I
mean there's no more without any kind of
trembling when saying it I mean how are you going to be
surprised of course I told him but if
this that they doubt Fran's illness
if it's the least that is dispatched I mean
I wish for me the least the least I wish in
this persecution it would be that I wish the
same the least of mine would be that they
doubt my illness that I also
have a clip of the ler lenja that they sent them to me
today saying eh that I don't
have chrome that I made it up that it
's like What because I ate popcorn here I
think it was and on another occasion because I
drink I don't know what like dude I mean within the
cron you can be better worse in
remission in an outbreak I mean it doesn't make any
sense dude they are things that are things that
don't make any sense I'm that they
are realizing  now these people of
these things no I do not understand why I
think it is because it has touched them
they would not stand eh accounts with
insulting names or with
parody names about them context I
was seeing exactly what is the
number of tweets and what is the amount
of Well yes of twt that Javi El
pelucas to Dallas And Javi I have calculated it
Look eh this guy has been doing it
since August when the 2020 account was created I
don't understand the calculation either but
if you go in here no and here it will come out let's
see let's go if the name the
banner but the thing is that there are people These are
kids who are special But there are
people that I know who have some
accounts okay I will explain it and I am
going to prepare this for a
series on the main channel okay
now that I am waiting for something I am waiting I am
waiting for some things
okay to do that series But there are people
that we know and who have accounts with
my name nicknames all with the same thing that
these kids do you know and of course and they
reveal things that are private and they
reveal
things that good but well Javi oliveira this one in particular is worth it, so no man for God's sake there's no way this one puts eh 127 tweets Let's see wait following follower tweet Well look this person has put 1226 tweets in the same month in August 2024 The
wigs came to put seriously no no
but with all the calmness in the world
and I will do one that is going to be for a series
because there are several topics in each series
but it is the thing about the Cat bpi crashes is it It's
ridiculous that no no it doesn't make
sense 1226 tet I'm going to put a month
about me Okay when we say 1226 tweet It
's not because I don't know if it was a pass or which
of them was like trying to
justify Ah but it's that Javi talked
every day about arrosito Chico la
rosito was a viral documentary in the
entire Peninsula eh that an
episode was coming out every day and in salvo they were
commenting on me every day and you were talking
Okay but it didn't cross my mind
e eh the thing that they put there or rather  is that
this is you put on a pair of
jeans you put on a pair of jeans and
the pants are from a child who
sewed them in Africa okay you comb your hair with
a quiff the fake quiff is pure
illness pure illness I mean they are not
today's tweets because today Javi did a
program with Iker Hey I like the
program he did today with Iker Hey well
tomorrow I don't like the guest he brought
Hey well in this video Javi
is right Hey well in this other one no no no no it's not
hate for hate and it doesn't make
sense But if it is what I'm
telling you I mean the ret or the delo okay or
anyone talks to us
while they talk to us what they
are doing now with Frank okay
or with them while they talk to
us more or less they have a
cordiality they harass them and the moment
that we fight with them they
follow them and they adore them they have done it with
delo and they have done it with raay I mean what
sense does the one they came up with with delox make
But they have the Twitter accounts and
all these channels the one they came up
with with delox  I mean, they looked for lords of
delox from the polka era, the entire
history of delo, every news item, every
comment, a forum that existed about delo, they
gave credibility to the d SS
connection who are now up to their necks in
complaints that not one has come out to
comment, okay, those from SS connection
are up to their [ __ ] necks in complaints,
but man, it was necessary just by
seeing them to give them something to think that they are
trustworthy people or not, those from SS
connection, man, we are talking about the
guys who went viral because of
the mortgage video, well, and in the
mortgage video they are decent, in the
mortgage video they are
decent, even those people did not care about the
information that that gave them, those people did care about them, they
invited them to their live shows, okay,
the scammer, the
collective complaint, Dalas fights one night with
delo because delos decides that he can't stand
the pressure of being here anymore and
they close the doors of the elite and so on, let's
know, [ __ ] off already, delo,
eh, we defend him, I whitewashed him and all that
nonsense, okay, RAE of everything, ra, of everything, ra
is a person  objectively violent, that is to
say, he is an objectively
criminal person, no, you can't have doubts about
sides, no. This is like this or or I don't like him
because no, no, no, no, it's not that it gives. Well,
RAE stops talking to us
and they support RAE, they're flat at 4 in the
morning in the chat, it's brutal, in the
SS chat I connect, it's brutal, it's
brutal, they have no coherence, it doesn't
make sense. Neither of them do you understand me? 23
So we're talking about August, September, October,
November, December, there
are 5 months of one month, the 12 of the other,
and the two months that we've been here,
okay, this makes 19 months, 19 months times
an average of one to five tweets, which is an
average of 2.5, okay, eh. And well,
obviously before, 19 by 30, which would
give us the number of days. No, well,
then we're going to do the following
calculation: 19 by 30 is 570, 4,000 he has
here by 2.5, we would be talking about
Javi El pelucas who has posted
consecutively, uh, consecutively, I think he
only failed for 3 days, so  commented
the person who was in charge of verifying it
eh
1425 tweets towards Dallas and Jai what's up What's up what's up
4000 put it here look Ah
no These are 7400 tweet followers dude
Sur look There are days that are 33 tweets There are
days that are 10 There are days that are 18 24 or
so
7300 tweets dude
7300 t what the [ __ ] eh all about me only
eh about me Dallas eh I mean it makes no
[ __ ] sense let's justify this but let
's go in none of the in
none of the in any way I mean but
in no way in no way
eh
7300 tweets Well that account is
d veira asendado's it's the one that are pure
stalkers there's no other way
1425 tweets come on right now they are here
look I'm going to go into any of the
accounts and I would be surprised not to find that they
are putting clicks from this very
live Look Eh well Wilson is
one of the accounts that we know Whose it is
and  here you have it Twitter no that
was like war with with here you
have it they are watching this
Direct right now they are watching this
Direct right now and e Elsa but apart Look jav
oliveira plays dumb and says he doesn't
know anything about the cats I mean trust
what he translates This is worth And this this is
one who uploaded here to debate and here it was
one of the most pathetic debates in
life okay and he knows perfectly well the
different groups that there are in x
related to him that nobody
believes them anymore really I mean they are people
Well right now you go into
each account they are tweet and about the
live and thank goodness he said he
did it for entertainment But if he has to
hate the supposed
entertainment problems These are
serious problems that should be
dealt with in professional places there is no
more There is no way There is no way of any there is no
way of anything since August the
Wilson thing has to be taken out it happens abisu that
we need to tie up one thing that I don't understand
but the Wilson thing I think is clear There is
not much there are many things from 2023
but it is very shameful eh  it's very
embarrassing until February 2025 my
approach to this is this guy is
obsessed or is sick a person
who gets up I mean no no it's not to say It's not
that Rosio Carrasco is that the issue
is that Rosio Carrasco today appears in reading
Today he goes and sits down and talks about his daughter
today he talks about no no no no no no the
person can already go to Thailand TR
weeks okay that the three weeks he is
every day breastfeeding well from an old cli
of Javi or he takes a c a clipping that
someone has fancied who has
come to him privately and has said Hey
look deny This from the year 2018 and he
takes it and I mean no a person who
gets up that hill thinking about a
person he doesn't know is not healthy it's not
healthy and all for free Exactly he is not a
healthy person but come on no [ __ ] way
can he argue that this is not
entertainment no no no man You
have each and every one of those who carry the
Wilson thing it is not healthy either the
Wilson thing It is evident that he is a
person who  she was traumatized okay But
this you get up and say I'm going to see
Javi I'm going to watch all of Javi's videos I'm
going to see you know really really really really and
dangerous you know what happened to the guy from
The Beatles It's not what I said I repeat it
and truly it's not a car that I'm
going to get off of I'm going to get off sincerely
let's go whoever defends And justifies this
is that it's the same and those who talk
to Those accounts are the same ones there's no more I mean there's no more No no no there's no
way
you can say Well but it's a no
no no no no for God man for God that I don't
even know give me an example
of a hater give me an example of a
Twitter hater someone or that no it's not
normal I can't think of an account
like that they're people you know a Ricky a
Ricky who has a a a
personal problem with me and a personal problem
with Dallas I already consider that Ricky
is a little sick but well Ricky
doesn't talk about Javi and Dallas every day he does
n't wake up and think about Javi he
thinks about Dallas watch a watch the
whole live  see what clip can time or take out
and cut to give it another meaning
or manipulate to put a tweet so that
people think that he has said something else
you understand I mean it doesn't make sense you
go creating your content and you talk about
several topics no and when you talk about that
person with whom you have a problem
well you speak more negatively yeah But
this no this doesn't make any sense I
mean for me a person who dedicates this
amount of time this amount of
tweets and this amount of insistence is
a person for me is a
minimally obsessed person and probably
a bad person eh here many things come out
like they say Hey so
nauter you are bad or or I don't know what Or I don't know
how much
now we are going to develop okay this
is like a quota you see I have to
come and start saying first of
all d is a [ __ ] And Javi a dog
has to say it at the
beginning has to say it at the beginning
okay come on so that they stay
[Laughter]
calm down we start the live with the
quota we don't start the quota now
we continue now
seg now we continue Javi richel critic
in his last video defending Javi
peluca saying that there is nothing wrong with
putting many  tws from someone Rich critic
a person who used to call me
at 4 in the morning I remember I
was with the baby that night I had I do
n't know if I had woken up that
I was like sleeping and I was
looking at the m in silence whatever thank goodness I had
it in silence because I
was touching it and the turkey was
calling me at 4 in the morning a
sick person we continue
[Music]
Look at this 100 last live from salsería
2130 already We're going to already we're going to
start reacting to
things the same but today we have a
long live God willing so there's no
problem going I mean I didn't have anything
prepared
so if someone comes up to talk
in a cordial manner and such And being
an expert or that way in
animals more or less we all know
that FR How he expresses himself with respect to
his friends in the sense that it doesn't make
sense dude was the guy Trapped with
the four tokens that he has
rouletted what step he took and he
cut us off what a laundering eh now launder to
no dude Why is my forehead so
shiny because  what the [ __ ] does it seem like I
put some on my forehead dude I mean I
promise I didn't do anything or
prick myself or anything eh I mean what the [ __ ] is
wrong with my forehead no I'm
seeing it super shiny but I
realized today eh you put oil on there's no
cream that I make creams to
take care of myself not the the skin and the face and
that I don't get out of the shower but eh
neither that I shower a lot but I don't
understand why my
whole forehead is so shiny like it's the
floor of a
mall Javi betrayed me no he never
betrayed me Javi please donate in the
link that is pinned and have a sub because I
need to recover it's that nothing Nobody
was understanding the crypto thing But
how come they weren't understanding the
crypto thing I mean how come not
with the
okay thing This one out no And this what's going on
neither of them want it but javida they
are always a pack they always go hand in
hand continue allowing these things
continue like don't you think it's like
maybe it's unnecessary and maybe you could have
controlled it more  eye eye we have
audio from Paloma eh audio from Paloma Hello
Javi Good morning Well look, my hand will
take a few days to regain
mobility that is functional and I have to be
going every day to the
hospital for vaccinations,
antibiotics and so on So well, all
in all good, the best
a kiss Javi okay And what really
worries us and Slow Lori has
survived yes let's see what I can tell you
for me the truth is I papped myself what am I going to
say let's see I think that with Dallas
no because I think the guy did go
overboard but with Javi Oliveira it may be
that at some point I got too carried away it may be
serbel it may be that at some
point but in passing it may be that
at some point I don't know maybe I'll
review it and not give a kiss a
kiss how are you I'm s from Paloma I don't
blame you Jack I don't blame you that Y could be
true But well they are moments of heat
and that's it I don't take it personally when he
insults me I didn't take it
personally either because it's Alo that neither goes nor
comes to me  I
suck on
that thing I saw it this morning on a
tree and I kicked it out because I
saw it coming down and yes yes very carefully
How strange How strange that while I was in
Thailand it didn't bite me or
anything poisonous or stung me eh I mean the
only thing was the last day well the last
day which was the same day that we were getting on the
plane to leave eh in this park
that Fran took us to the natural park
this not national I don't know I don't know what
the park is called it was a park a
big natural park and it was where we saw these
bats these frogs you
remember and there was something that bit me
good again grandpa and so getting off
topic a bit I'd like to congratulate you on
the blog in New York tremendous Gem of
you it was definitely worth the wait I even had a
cameo and everything although it was very expensive I
prefer to return to Europe another time
than for not even 10 tenths a kiss man well
the truth is that it is a shame because it will
probably be a video that
surprises me that today's has been clicked
so much eh I don't know why  clicked
so much today I don't know why the one about the
Daniel Sancho case but man what makes me
sad about the New York video is that it will
probably not be a video that
gets many views not on my channel I don't
know honestly it's a shame because it's
cool What happens is that there's also the
possibility that it's a video that
with the passage of months years and so on it does
get views okay or so the
content that I'm always trying to make
on the main channel on
purpose sometimes and other times it
's not eh a video that or rather they are videos that
never die for example eh There's a video I
mean there are videos that are videos that
never die eh I mean they're videos that
people will always be going to check out Look at one of the
ones in this video dude this one that's
the series the one that brings the whole
series together okay the one that lasts 3 hours the video
no 3 hours 20 this one that brings the whole
series together okay This video got
twenty thousand views the day I uploaded it I don't know
why it took a [ __ ] hit
Okay so there it is the video it's
almost a year old now and it has  300,000
you know then they are contents that
although maybe some videos fail
at the beginning, it is not ruled out that
as the days and
months go by and so on, visits continue to come in
because no, no, no, some
are gossip no and so on no, but well, they
are also long lores but they are not
videos of people dying three days later
like a cat fights with revol, you
know what I mean and that is what we are trying to
focus the main channel on
basically and I think we are
achieving it Samara saw it Dice lo I saw it
with my partner and it was brutal I really liked the
way the blog turned out the truth is
that eclipse is getting the cimbrel out right
now the editor only we
need editors man see if you
can contact me editors of shorts
I need an editor who follows the content
of the salsería and telesalseo and takes
care of the daily shorts of both
channels because eh apart I need it to
be a person who follows the
channels well and who makes the shorts in the
format that the
salsería and telesalseo shorts are made so that he knows how to
capture the good moments of the  direct no
or what we've done during the day a
kiss pans the reaction to Dallas against
raimito also doesn't die no no in the
salsería even if it's a salseo channel
the salsería there are many videos that never
die eh There are many days in which there are
many videos that never die eh And
that continue to come in a ton of visits
every day or rather the truth is that we are
in a very sweet moment of being a youtuber
in which I can even allow myself to
chill I could allow myself to leave I could allow myself to leave for a
couple of months I would surely
continue to earn money I think so I
had to learn that I am from the
youth and I will always do it he
will always be a black bull and
the youth will always do it but it has always
been good and well Vanessa I put well
Vanessa can you send me an email with an
example you know but I am very exquisite eh
I am very particular because I am I have a
lot of OCD in that sense that I need that it
be a person who edits
the shorts as the same as the same
format no I mean that it is the same so that it is not
noticeable that there are several editors
[Music]